Yves: Hi~
(Go Won reaching out her hand to Yves!)
Yves: I didn't want to do this~
Yves: However I changed my mind because you kept taking out your hand!
Yves: You look a little bit older today?
Go Won: Really?
Yves: Don't you agree?
Yves: Oh, I think this place would be good for filming!
(Talking about Yves favorite pose)
Yves: When I worked as a model
Yves: I used to do this pose. Let me show you.
Go Won: Yes~
Yves: Sit like this, naturally.
Yves: Walking
Yves: When they said 'we gon shoot your lower body'
Yves: Then I walked like this.
Yves: And like this~
Yves: Sometimes they took consecutive photos, 'click click click'
Yves: Then I was like this, like dancing.
(It's time to shoot album jacket photos!)
Yves: See you!
(Finally taking a group picture!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Yves - new"